Welcome back everyone.
In part two of this lesson.
Let's pick up right where we left off in part one that means we want to continue improving the layout
of the our features section for small screens.
So the next adjustment that I think we should make for small screens is to let this content use the
full available width and to stack its corresponding icon above it.
So to make that change let's jump over to the CSSA file for our feature item block and we want to adjust
things so that there's padding left.
Value is only applied to screens that are a certain size or larger.
Let's go ahead and cut this line and then let's create a media query mix in mix in at small paste that
value back in.
All right so if we save that we are halfway there that got rid of the indentation.
Now we just need to tell small screens to stop positioning the icon.
Absolutely.
So within the icon rule let's cut both of these lines positioned left and let's create a mixin at small
paste those lines back in.
All right.
And I think this would look better if the icon was centered horizontally for small screens.
So within the baseline styles for this icon rule let's just say display block margin.
0 auto perfect.
Next I think we should reduce the font size of this element just a little bit and also reduce its top
margin for small screens.
So there is a bit less of a vertical gap between the icon and the text.
So within our SS Here is the rule for that element.
Let's go ahead and cut this font size and place it within a mixin at small.
Let's set the baseline font size to just 1.6 ram that looks better and let's reduce the top margin just
a tiny bit.
So we can say margin top points seven E-M and within our mixin we can reset that back to 1 E-M.
I think that looks nice next.
Why don't we go ahead and set these titles to be centered horizontally for small screens but keep them
left aligned on larger screens.
So within our title role we can simply say text align center and then within our mix in media query
we can just say text align.
Left looks good.
So now the styling for our section is complete both for large and small screens.
At this point in the lesson I'd like to change gears and talk about merging the our features get branch
back into our master branch.
Now if you'd like to take a few moments to finish up your styling efforts that's ok.
Feel free to pause this lesson right now.
And if you need to re watched the past few minutes or even reference something back in part one of the
lesson.
By all means take your time.
Once your copy of the travel site project has all of the our features styles in place go ahead and resume
this part of the lesson at about the three minute and 20 second mark at that point.
You and I can tackle the guilt component of the lesson together.
All right.
So we've completed the our feature section at this point.
I'm going to jump to my command line and commit my changes to my get repo.
Let's press control-C to tell the golpe watch task it can stop running.
Let's run a get status to see what has changed.
All of these changes look good to me.
So I want to add all changes to the staging area so get ad dash uppercase a and then I want to go ahead
and commit the staging area.
Let's make our message completed the our features section.
All right so now that we've committed those changes to the our features branch the next thing we want
to do is merge that branch back in the master.
Right because the our feature section is complete.
It's no longer a work in progress.
This is definitely safe to merge into the master branch.
So let's go ahead and use the command line to merge that branch into a master.
First thing we want to do is to check out the master branch.
So get check out master.
All right so now that we've checked out the master branch if I go ahead and open up a new tab and fire
up our browser St preview by running golpe watch.
If we scroll down a bit we see that the our feature section doesn't have any of our progress because
that code only lives in our features branch.
So let's go ahead and merge that branch into Master.
So back in my other tab let me run a clear so we are typing at the top of the command line instead of
the bottom.
You don't have to do that it just to make the lesson easier to read on your screen.
So let's merge the branch in the master get merge and then the name of the branch that we want to merge
into master our dash Beecher's.
Now we already practice merging a branch this way in an earlier lesson.
But right now I want to show you an option you can use to merge branches in a slightly different way.
We can include an option named dash dash no dash f f this stands for no fast forward certain teams and
certain employers will want you to merge using this option.
We will take a look at what this option does in just a moment.
But for now let's go ahead and press enter.
All right.
So when you use the no fast forward option it gives you a chance to include a merge commit message.
Now nine times out of 10 I would say that this default message of merge branch our features is A-OK.
So to use that you can just hit the escape key on your keyboard and then type in a colon not a semi-colon
but a colon and then type w q and press enter that little bit of keyboard wizardry that we just performed
is beyond the scope of this course.
We were basically editing a text message using vim but that's not important for right now.
So now that we completed that merge Let's go ahead and push our master branch up to get hub.
So I can show you a visual example of what the no f f option really does.
So to push master up to get hub lets just type get push Orjan master.
And now if we check out get have dot com and go to the main page for your travel site Ribault.
If you click on commits Here's the commit.
When we completed the our feature section and because we used the no fast forward option we see a dedicated
commit just for the merge.
Now if you think back to a few lessons ago when we were first learning how to merge and we were working
on our count to ten example you will notice that there is no dedicated commit for the merge.
So if you remember we made each of these three commits to the count to 10 branch and when we merge that
branch back into Master because we didn't include the no fast forward option get simply fast forward
the master's branch history to point towards the last commit from the count to 10 branch.
Now there is no right or wrong way to merge a branch.
I just want you to be aware of the differences because certain teams that you are on will have certain
preferences.
So if we scroll back up to the top and click on this dedicated commit for the merge this will show us
the diff.
Basically what changed in which phials when we performed the merge.
Now in this case we only merged in this one commit.
But if this was a larger feature and maybe it took us a week to complete it and maybe our progress was
broken up into 10 commits most people on our team are not going to want to have to dig through 10 separate
commits to see what changed.
In a case like that it is much much easier to just look at the Consolidated merge comment which will
show all of the changes from all 10 of those hypothetical comments in one convenient location.
One convenient diff that you can scroll through.
So hopefully that gives you an idea of what the no fast forward option does.
It creates a dedicated commit in your repots history which is a consolidated place to see all of the
changes in all of the commits for that branch if you're still not 100 percent clear on what the no fast
forward option does.
It's not a big deal at the end of the day you can merge branches using that option or not.
It's up to you or the team that you're working on.
The important thing is that I want to at least be on your radar.
Now that's going to bring this lesson to a close in our next lesson.
We will begin working on the testimonial section of the design.
It's going to be a lot of fun.
Let's keep rolling along.
And I will see you in the next lesson.